README.md, before:

# merge-all-the-prs

```
./script.pl [--help] [--token TOKEN] [--remote REMOTE] [--base BASE] [--label LABEL] [--continue] FOLDER BRANCH

Merges open pull requests onto a new local branch. 

Arguments:

    FOLDER
        Local folder the git repository can be found in.
    BRANCH
        Name of new branch to create locally. Any existing branch may be overwritten.
    --help
        Print this message and exit.
    --auth AUTH
        Optional. GitHub API Credentials in the form "user:password" to use for requests to GitHub. 
        "password" may be a personal access token. Defaults to using no authorization.
    --remote REMOTE
        Optional. git remote to use for communication with GitHub. Defaults to 'origin'.
    --base BASE
        Base branch to start process from. Defaults to 'master'. 
    --label LABEL
        Optional label to filter pull requests by.
    --continue
        By default, if a pull request fails to merge the process is aborted and an error is thrown.
        This flag overrides the behaviour and simply skips the problematic pull requests.
```

Note that this script is not secured against malicious arguments. 

## Dependencies

- [Getopt::Long](https://metacpan.org/pod/Getopt::Long)
- [JSON](https://metacpan.org/pod/JSON)
- [LWP::UserAgent](https://metacpan.org/pod/LWP::UserAgent)
- [MIME::Base64](https://metacpan.org/pod/MIME::Base64)
- [REST::Client](https://metacpan.org/pod/REST::Client)

Commit message:

Filter PRs additionally via contributors with push access
This commit adds a flag that enables filtering pull requests by
collaborators with push access in addition to label.

README.md, after:

# merge-all-the-prs

```
./script.pl [--help] [--token TOKEN] [--remote REMOTE] [--base BASE] [--label LABEL] [--continue] FOLDER BRANCH

Merges open pull requests onto a new local branch. 

Arguments:

    FOLDER
        Local folder the git repository can be found in.
    BRANCH
        Name of new branch to create locally. Any existing branch may be overwritten.
    --help
        Print this message and exit.
    --auth AUTH
        Optional. GitHub API Credentials in the form "user:password" to use for requests to GitHub. 
        "password" may be a personal access token. Defaults to using no authorization.
    --remote REMOTE
        Optional. git remote to use for communication with GitHub. Defaults to 'origin'.
    --base BASE
        Base branch to start process from. Defaults to 'master'. 
    --label LABEL
        Optional label to filter pull requests by.
    --collabs
        When provided and filtering is enabled (via --label), allow only PRs from collaborators with
        push access to the repository. 
    --continue
        By default, if a pull request fails to merge the process is aborted and an error is thrown.
        This flag overrides the behaviour and simply skips the problematic pull requests.
```

Note that this script is not secured against malicious arguments. 

## Dependencies

- [Getopt::Long](https://metacpan.org/pod/Getopt::Long)
- [JSON](https://metacpan.org/pod/JSON)
- [LWP::UserAgent](https://metacpan.org/pod/LWP::UserAgent)
- [MIME::Base64](https://metacpan.org/pod/MIME::Base64)
- [REST::Client](https://metacpan.org/pod/REST::Client)
